1. Both admin and credit officer can edit loan created only before it is approved and not after. After it's been approved nobody can approve it (There's a weird error message for when they try to edit a loan that's not been approved)
2. There should be logs for any crud actions, in the audit logs sections. Think creatively as to how that would be better extended for the 'supervisor role'
3. There's a weird double confirmation modal for when you want to approve a loan. I still want double confirmation but fix it so it works well
4. As an admin, I should be able to change the verified status of a member if I want
5. Supervisor needs to have access to more reports than what's there, many functions are just place holders, The supervisor needs to be able to tell (assigned to them), the credit officers' performance, unions, loans, financial reports etc Make sure there is advanced reporting, filters, exports, pagination, trends etc. If there is a suggestion on a way that you can implement to also be able to extract data from audit logs to aid supervisor reports. I want to hear it. Add pagination to audit logs page. Must make sense
6. https://app.millenniumpotters.com.ng/dashboard/business-management/customer... The 'links' I said I mentioned when I hover over buttons thing. I can see the page urls in address bar, I don't want that... It's an app. Fix that.
7. Upon assigning unions or doing similar actions as an admin, if it concerns another role signed it, I get the error 'Access Denied. Only staff members can access union member management.' For example. I assigned the union of a credit officer to another credit officer from the admin dashboard but the former credit officer was still signed in and when I visited dashboard on the credit officer's account, I got the error and it didn't fix itself until I signed out and signed back in. Look into that and fix it.
8. After assigning a union to another credit officer, all of the members in that union and their loans should be the new credit officer's. Right now, after I assigned, I still saw the former credit officer's name for the members loans which should not be so... A credit officer should not be able to manage another credit officer's loans and members and unions unless assigned to them. Also make sure audit logs can track all these things. It's important for the supervisor role.
9. If I change the union of a particular member, the member and their loan should als be assigned to the new credit officer that they were assigned to... show a double confirmation when updating the member that reflects the changes. You know it's not accurate to just change the union and leave the credit officer unchanged automatically, because that would just create problems as the credit officer might not be in that particular union, my point is that the union must correspond to the right credit officer. Or instead of being able to edit that just maybe make admins able to assign a union member to another union instead. Credit officers cannot assign members to another union of course; only admins can do that.
10. The dropdowns in the forms when editing a union member don't show fully; they appear cut off, fix that and make sure it's responsive. 
11. Date of birth isn't compulsory when editing or creating a member but if filled, you may enforce the min 16 year old validation thing.
12. I should not be able to set above maximum and below minimum for the loan term when creating a loan for a member after having selected the loan type already. Also put a double confirmation when updating loan types that it might affect the loans created under it so that they know the implicatons. Better ui also for those modals/components. 
13. In the settings page. When changing password, remove current password from the field. There's no point since they already have access before attempting to change passwords. In the theme and branding tab, changing the primary, secondary colour, favicon and logo don't actually do anything. Fix that... Also there's a hardcoded green background in the loan management page. fix that. Let the texts remain visible and aesthetically pleasing
14. Infact, Change 'union assignment' page to just 'Assignment', There, I want to be able to assign unions or members as said earlier above. Maybe make it into tabs in that page to choose member assignment or union assignment
15. Rethink the UI (both login screen and the pages) using frontend-design skill (https://github.com/anthropics/claude-code/blob/main/plugins/frontend-design/skills/frontend-design/SKILL.md). Also the dark mode needs a lot of works especially since there's still a lot of white backgrounds and also texts aren't visible for some parts Tell me your plan.